well the director of unra Affairs in
Gaza spoke to my colleague Sami Zan
earlier from Rafa and says they need a
ceasefire in order to deliver the aid
the resolution Falls well short of what
we need uh here in Gaza we need a uh
ceasefire a ceasefire that will stop the
killing of civilians uh and the
destruction of civilians uh civilian
infrastructure in Gaza but most
importantly to enable the conditions on
the ground here so that we can
effectively deliver Aid to the people of
Gaza Thomas just to be absolutely clear
here as a new day dawned there in Gaza
after this resolution are you in any
position to increase Aid deliveries
because of this resolution or or not at
this stage we're waiting to see what
will come from the resolution in terms
of the amount of Aid that we can bring
into Gaza uh but we remain very
concerned here that once the aid is in
Gaza the ongoing conflict is preventing
us from delivering that Aid it is very
difficult we are restricted from
accessing the population in the north by
the Israeli Army but the level of
insecurity here means it's very
difficult for us to access many of the
population and in fact you know at sites
where we should be protected our Aid
workers should be protected uh they're
at risk uh we had one of our staff who
is hit uh what by what we understand as
tank fire uh into a tractor he was
operating at a dump site the other day
uh and down on the border itself at the
Rafa border crossing we've had three
drone drone strikes in recent days so we
need to be able to have safe and secure
access for Aid workers the convoys that
we have to access populations across
Gaza are underw facilities the schools
that you run your staff any safer today
because of this resolution look time
will only tell what I can say is that
you know we've had 180 of our
installations in Gaza many of them
hosting people seeking safety uh people
seeking safety under a un flag have been
hit uh over 200 people have been killed
uh in those installations but as the UN
Security Council was meeting the other
night at the same time messages were
being passed to the community in the
middle areas of Gaza telling them to
evacuate this is telling more people uh
to move many of them who' been displaced
before to an area that cannot provide
them with shelter so at the same time we
we were discussing things at the
security Council uh the Israeli Army was
telling more people to move and
signaling a broadening of the the
offensive here in Gaza